.TH KADU 1 
.SH NAME
kadu-config \- script to get information about the installed version of kadu
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kadu\-config
[\-\-prefix\fI[=DIR]\fP] [\-\-exec\-prefix\fI[=DIR]\fP] [\-\-version]
[\-\-libs] [\-\-cflags] [\-\-data\-dir] [\-\-modules\-dir] [\-\-qt\-moc\-dir]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIkadu\-config\fP is a tool for retrieving the library/include paths
\fIkadu\fP was compiled with. Useful for folks compiling their own Kadu
modules outside the main source tree.
.PP
\fIkadu-config\fP is based on \fIxmms\-config\fP from the \fIXMMS\fP package.

.SH OPTIONS
\fIkadu-config\fP accepts the following options:

.TP
.B \-\-prefix\fI[=DIR]\fP
If specified, use \fIDIR\fP instead of the installation prefix that
\fIkadu\fP was built with when computing the output for the \-\-cflags and
\-\-libs options. This option is also used for the exec prefix
if \-\-exec\-prefix was not specified. This option must be specified
before any \-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.

.TP
.B \-\-exec\-prefix\fI[=DIR]\fP
If specified, use \fIDIR\fP instead of the installation exec prefix that
\fIkadu\fP was built with when computing the output for the \-\-cflags
and \-\-libs options.  This option must be specified before any
\-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.

.TP
.B \-\-version
Print the currently installed version of \fIkadu\fP on the standard output.

.TP
.B \-\-libs
Print the linker flags that are necessary to link \fIkadu\fP to a program.

.TP
.B \-\-cflags
Print the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a program that uses
\fIkadu\fP.

.TP
.B \-\-data\-dir
Print the directory that the \fIkadu\fP\'s icons, emoticons and sounds themes
are installed in.

.TP
.B \-\-modules\-dir
Print the directory that the \fIkadu\fP\'s modules keep their description and
data files.

.TP
.B \-\-qt\-moc\-dir 
Print the directory that the \fIQt\fP\'s moc compiler is installed in.
.SH AUTHOR
\fIkadu\fP was written by Kadu Team (see /usr/share/kadu/doc/AUTHORS file for
details).
.PP
Copyright (C) 2007, 2008 Patryk Cisek <patryk@debian.org>
.PP
This manual page was written by Patryk Cisek <patryk@debian.org>
for the Debian project, based heavily on the \fIxmms-config\fP manual by
Christopher Martin <chrsmrtn\@debian.org> and may be used by others.
This manual may be distributed under the terms of GPL license version 2, or
(at your opinion) any later version.
On Debian GNU/Linux system, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'. If you're
not using Debian, you may also find full text of the license  at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
